In this section, we'll go hands on with
a Kafka CLI tools to see how Kafka works up close.
By the end of this lesson,
you will have created a Kafka topic,
produced data in that topic,
and then consume that same data.
You'll be well on your way to beginning your Kafka journey.
I've opened the workspace for you,
where we're going to actually run the Kafka CLI tools,
as well as some other sample code here in a little bit.
Before we begin, I want to give you a quick overview of the workspace.
In this class, we're mostly going to be using Python console,
terminal, and text file.
Jupyter notebook is available,
but some of the advanced features that we're going to be using,
won't work well if notebooks.
So I recommend that you stick to opening text files.
To look at mark down files,
you can see that sample 1,
is a Markdown file by the extension MD,
you right-click, go to open with,
and open Markdown preview.
So you're going to do the same thing in your exercise that follows this demonstration.
As you can see, we can view the markdown and actually follow the instructions.
Now, to actually run the client,
we're going to actually need to have a terminal window.
So I'm going to click terminal back on the launcher.
I can also click plus,
which would open another launcher if I've closed it.
So I'm going to go ahead and open a terminal,
and I'm going to actually click and drag to
resize the terminal because I don't want it to take up the whole window.
I want to be able to reference both the instructions and the terminal at the same time.
I also want a little bit more screen real estate,
so I'm going to go ahead and click the folder to close that left folder window.